(Spooky music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(Wolf howl)
(Music fades)
Here it is y’all.
My cousin told me about it.
Are we really staying here?
I like it. I think it's perfect.
Yeah you say that whenever
a spider's crawling on you.
Hey guys. let's go swimming.
Some skinny dipping. I’m down.
About time you sit down.
Come on.
Damn Dean. where'd you get this weed?
From the dispensary. What do you mean?
Taste like your dads old diesel weed
we used to steal from back in high school?
No way. man.
I think you're right.
Must have got this mixed
up with my dad's stash.
He still gets his down at the junkyard.
I would have still
smoked that hillbilly shit.
Hey. sorry theren Kylie.
I'll tell you what though.
I got some actually
good stuff in the truck.
Stuff that's actually worth smoking.
Sweet!
I swear she smokes 24-7. God.
Hey. at least it ain't crack.
That's true.
You got a good point.
Hey. What are you doing?
Didn't some people get
murdered in these woods?
Don't say that.
That was like 12 years ago though bro.
Like. the killer's long gone by now.
What are y’all talking about?
Those people that got
murdered in these woods.
I'm pretty sure that was Clearwater lake.
Kylie. you're from Clearwater right?
Yep.
People get wasted there all the time.
Right before I moved
here last year for college.
a group of people having a
party got completely butchered.
It's like the murder
capital of America there.
All right guys can we
just stop talking about that.
I don’t see us talking about fake stories
and stuff like that people
getting butchered in the woods.
Dean. are you getting scared over there?
What about those guys in Kingstown.
That shit was crazy as hell.
What are you talking about?
Those dudes got wasted
by that hillbilly clown.
Say what? It's a clown?
A night of card games went
south quick for those guys.
“Circus music”
I’ll raise you everything I got.
Damn it!
Smart move. Daniel Boone.
Dude. you know he's bluffing.
You know. Andrew can't
lie with a straight face.
I don’t want to lose all my beans man.
What the hell for?
Are we playing with
your dinner or something.
About out of noodles bitch.
Well. I'm not taking your noodles
home. Keith. because he's poor.
But I'm. Not. I don't really
like beans all that much.
Bro. we're all poor. That's
why we're playing with beans.
Ain’t that the truth?
Why are we playing cards anyways?
We might as well be doing like
some nerdy shit. like dungeons
and dragons or something?
Wait. why didn't we invite any girls over?
Do you know any girls?
I mean yeah.
We're not talking about your sister. dude.
Shut the hell up.
Besides. I know Rachel and Monica.
And Phoebe? You're just
naming the girls from friends.
Okay. that's. Just a coincidence.
(Bang)
What the hell was that?
I think it was ice from airplanes.
they come over here sometimes.
Planes don't fly over Kingstown.
Sure they do. Those big commercial ones.
They fly like. 30.000 feet.
When have you ever flown?
I mean. never. but I've seen it on TV.
Oh on friends?
(Bang)
It's probably the neighbor kids.
Throwing rocks or something.
At 1 A.M.?
Who is it?
Some hillbilly clown
drunk guy or something?
Go back to the meth circus you dipshit!
(Bang)
What does this drunk clown want?
Oh. my god.
Sorry mister clown man
my friend was so rude to you.
Don't talk to him.
That’s probably John
Casey’s nephew or something.
You mean John Wayne Gacy?
That’s it.
Sorry sir.
But the clown just wanted
some baked beans. huh?
Well. I think the beans were just a bonus.
I mean. who doesn’t love good
old fashioned beans and cornbread.
I mean. a pot head like you miss Kylie.
You’re a pot head too you know.
I mean.
Yeah. but I take breaks during the week.
Is that so?
Yes. that is so.
Unless it's nighttime.
Okay. so every day kind of like me.
Wrong.
Every night. maybe. but not every day.
Okay. you got me.
I smoke more than you.
Exactly.
So Dean you know some
pretty creepy stories. don't you?
Uh like the time that I walked
in on your mother naked.
You're so funny man.
Hey man. I'm kidding. I
swear. it was an accident
well stop it.
Okay. Okay.
I got another weird one for you.
You won't believe it.
Oh. Kylie. I'm sure we won't.
but let's hear it anyways.
It happened one day in a public restroom.
His name is James. and he
loved to take long walks in the park.
I bet he loved to take long shits too huh?
Shut the hell up. Dean.
Anyways. he would go to the park
to get high. walk. and take it all in.
But one day on one of his
walks. he really had to go pee.
And that's when things went south.
For our dude. James.
(Spooky music)
(People talking in the distance)
(Evil growl)
Nope.
Don’t go in the bathroom.
(Toilet flush)
(Evil growl)
What the hell are you going to do?
I ain’t scared of no bitch ass ghost.
(Evil whispers)
Man forget that. it’s time to go.
What the hell!
Okay man.
Calm down. all right.
I must be dreaming.
I knew that stuff wasn’t that strong.
See if I...
God.
Damn!
Okay
must have been those shrooms that I took.
(Evil whispers)
Damn it. what the hell?
Okay god. please.
I'm sorry for all the bad stuff that I did.
I’m sorry that I put Tommy
in the locker in 3rd grade.
I looked up Mrs Angies skirt.
(Evil whispers)
Help!
(Evil scream)
Thanks for the car James.
(People talking in the distance)
Shit has definitely changed since 92.
(Humming a song)
(Evil whispers)
Hello?
Damn ghost.
(Humming a song)
So it took her thirty years
to find her replacement?
No. that was a witch and
enchantress in prisoned by white witch.
I guess she finally figured a
way out with the human sacrifice.
But now she's free.
Could be hiding in these
very woods right now.
Wait.
So for the past 30 years.
she's just been sitting there
waiting for some kid to
say her name three times?
Shit. I don't know.
Just wait a minute.
So you're telling me that
a guy who has been
in the mirror till today.
But how did the story even get out?
How does any story get out?
Chunk.
Did you just call me Chuck?
No. chunk. Not Chuck.
You know. how did the
map or the story get out?
From the Goonies.
What's the gooners?
You've never seen the Goonies?
Never mind.
It's just a story I was told.
From where I’m from. It
like. doesn't even matter.
This is some good shit.
Dean. What's it called?
Ah. nightmare delight.
That's a weird ass name.
It's some good shit though. right?
Hell yeah it is.
So. who has a good story?
What? Mine wasn't good?
I mean. like it was. but I want to
hear a good one that's real you know.
Mine was real. I heard it from my. dealer.
Shouldn't you just go to the dispensary
to get your weed like everyone else?
It's not for weed. babe.
Microdosing shrooms.
Is that even safe?
It's perfectly safe.
Healthy to. And it's great for depression.
All right. guys. you want a story?
I got a story for you.
So this is one
that happened a few years before
we had moved into our childhood home.
So I know for sure that this happened.
A college girl who hated being by herself.
was stuck housesitting alone one night
when things took a really dark turn.
(Menacing music)
(Evil moan)
(Phone vibrate)
Hello?
Hey. it's Tina.
Oh. hey babe. What's up?
Uh. I was just wanted to see
if you could possibly come over tonight.
Um. I'm going to be
out pretty late tonight.
We're going to a club 66.
You want to come with us?
Sounds fun. but I can't tonight.
But if you could. I'd really
appreciate it if you just swing by.
I hate being by myself.
Yeah. I could probably swing by after.
Are you sure you want to come out. though?
It's karaoke night.
I really can't. I'd love to but I'm
housesitting for my parents friend tonight
and they pay me to stay the whole night.
I can't risk getting caught.
But if you decide to leave early tonight.
if you could just please. please stop by.
This house is starting to creep me out.
Okay? Yeah.
I'll try to swing by after.
It'll probably be after two.
Okay. that's fine.
I'm just right across the
street from my parents house.
My car is in the driveway.
Okay. sweetie. I'll talk to you soon.
Okay? Bye.
(TV static)
(Evil moan)
Kristen Kristen hey. can you.
Can you come over right now. please?
Please. I...
Hello. Kristen.
Damn it.
It’s just condensation on the table Tina
it’s not real
just condensation.
(Evil moan)
No no no no!
Hello?
(Evil whispers)
(Evil growl)
(Knock at door)
Tina?
Hey. it's Kristen.
Can I come in?
Hey
Tina?
Tina. what's wrong?
(Evil growl)
I believe they're both
still at pineview hospital
still to this day.
Okay but how do you
know as a shadow person?
I mean. it could have just been
some really good mushrooms.
Well. I mean. they still see
shadows in the house right now.
I mean. the new owners just
kind of learned to live with it.
Sure. maybe I'll see some cool
shit after smoking more of this.
I'm sure you have.
And will.
I got a really good story to tell.
I thought you said you
wanted to hear a good story.
Well this one actually happened bra!
Sure?
I don't know. man
happened at this Oklahoma
small town police department.
They were interrogating somebody and
found some dude with nails in his head.
Oh. shit.
Like pinhead.
What head?
Pinhead. from hellraiser.
You watched too many movies.
Anyways.
You said it was at a police station?
I did.
Oh. shit.
Andy. your uncle. He's
a police officer. right?
In a small town?
Shit Andy. You have law
enforcement in your family?
Yeah. Kylie but. you
know. weed is legal now.
So we're all good.
Yeah. but shrooms ain’t and I
just told you about my microdosing.
My uncle's retired now.
so nothing to worry about.
Okay.
Anyways. my uncle saw some
pretty crazy stuff that night.
It all happened when they
brought this girl in for questioning.
(Intense music)
Hey. let me out of here!
I didn't do it!
It was a set up man I was framed!
Hey quiet! Your father is on his way.
You called my dad?
Just spoke with his father.
He’ll pick him up in the morning.
You mean I got to sleep here?
The TV was caught in your hands man.
I guess there's some detectives
here that want to speak with her.
Yeah. they should be in the back.
You can take her to room three.
Alright. Thanks.
What’s up girl?
Come on. keep moving.
(Music fades)
Turn around. Face this way.
I’m going to take these
hand cuffs off okay.
(Soft music)
If you’ll have a seat right there.
The detectives will be in
here in just a moment okay.
Any word on that search warrant?
They have a rush on it.
We should know something within the hour.
Okay.
You know I’m not sure
this girl is going to talk
so. let us know as soon
as you hear something okay.
Yeah. you've got it.
All right.
Make sure you keep an eye on her.
Miss white.
I know you're nervous.
but if you'll cooperate with us. we'll
get you out of here as quickly as we can.
All right.
To start off with
we're going to read you your Miranda rights
and I'll let you follow along with me.
To begin with you have
the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be
used against you in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney.
If you can't afford an attorney.
one will be provided for you.
If you understand your rights
and you agree with them.
I'll get you to sign here
Is your full name.
Allison Lynn white?
Yes.
And you're 21 years old?
22.
Okay.
And you live at 2300 north parkview
town of Clarksdale over near Kelley.
Yes.
Miss white. the reason
we brought you in today
concerns the death of Andrew Blake.
Do you know about this?
I heard about it.
And where did you hear about this?
The news I guess.
So. You knew how brutal his death was?
Not really.
I just heard about it.
Did you ever meet Andrew?
No.
Were you ever at Andrew's house?
No. I said I never met him.
Do you think you might have met
Andrew and just not remember it?
Do I look stupid to you?
There's no need to get
defensive miss white.
Andrew was brutally murdered.
And we just want you to have
the chance to clear your name.
I'm just tired of answering
all these questions.
I told the cops this like an hour ago.
All right.
Tell us everything you
know about Mr. Blake.
All we know about this guy is
that he was one of those red dots
on the sex offender registry website.
How do you know that?
The news.
You don't like sex
offenders very much do you?
No I don’t.
Do you?
Miss white. we put scumbags like that away.
Hum?
So what are you saying miss white?
You glad he's dead?
I'm not upset.
You knew Andrew miss white.
Your prints were at his
house where he was murdered.
Is that so?
Yes. it is.
He was riddled with nails in his face.
What a shame.
We never found the nail gun at his house.
Only your prints.
Just tell us the truth.
So you guys think I put
12 nails in some guy's face?
How did you know it was 12?
Wild guess.
Maybe I heard on the news.
If you'll excuse us for just a bit.
Miss white.
Any word on the search?
They didn't find anything.
You two were going to
have to get a confession.
You sure we got the right person?
Of course we do.
I mean. that little girl
can do that much damage?
Her prints were all over the scene.
Do we have any other leads?
My guys didn't find anything.
No other possible accomplice?
Not to our. our knowledge.
Well good work.
Keep it. Keep it up.
We'll get back in here and see if
we can get a confession out of her.
Yes sir.
We searched your house miss white.
What?
We had a search warrant.
As soon as your prints came up.
You went through my house?
Yes.
Where did you stash the nail gun?
I don't own a nail gun.
Where did you stash
Mr. Blake’s nail gun miss white?
I'm not a thief.
But you are a killer.
What we did find at your house was
a printout of registered sex offenders
in which two are missing and one is
dead with your prints all over his house.
You're going down for this. Allison.
Just tell us where you
stashed the nail gun.
I don't need a nail gun.
So what did you use?
Maybe he fell into a bucket of nails.
Now you're being ridiculous.
You're being ridiculous.
Suggesting I used a nail gun. I
don't even know how to use a nail gun.
Then what did you use miss white?
I think I'll take my lawyer now. I'm done.
You need to answer the question.
I need my lawyer.
You'll get a lawyer at trial.
Get me my lawyer.
Answer the question.
Get my lawyer.
Why did you kill him?
Get my lawyer now.
You'll get a lawyer.
You'll need a lawyer.
Detective Riley.
that young girl with marijuana.
I have arrested lots
of girls with marijuana.
No
No this one you let go.
This isn't about who I've arrested
or who I haven’t or who I've let go.
This is about you.
She was barely 17.
And detective mills here know better.
How many dirty detectives
have you covered up for?
Listen here young lady!
I'm not going to put up with your...
Hey. calm down a second. calm down.
She knows she's in a lot of trouble.
Your mother was a criminal. too wasn't she?
Shut up.
She was in and out of
mental hospitals and jail
all your life.
She even earned a lot
of money on the streets
when she could.
Shut up!
Crazy lady.
apple doesn't fall far
from the tree does it?
I said. shut up.
I -
I see you're angry miss white.
Leave my mother out of this.
Then just tell us the truth.
About what? Your friend.
The truth about Andrew Blake.
Yeah.
your friend.
Right?
Yes. he was my friend.
Andrew made lots of
mistakes. but he was my friend.
Now just tell us the truth.
Why did you kill him?
You both made a lot of mistakes.
What is she talking about?
Are you going to cover up for him too?
Riley?
You knew Mr. Blake?
Don't listen to her.
She's a murderer.
They have a past together.
Blake and Riley enterprises.
that’s what they
wanted to call their little
sex empire.
Shut up.
Don't listen to her. mills.
She's just trying to get in your head.
So how did you do it?
How did you kill him?
Like this.
(Intense music)
Alison. wait!
What did they say
happened to the detectives?
I don't know just a cover up.
But did y’all hear about the
couple that went stargazing?
Yeah. I think I heard
about that on the news.
Or is that TV show. strange
sightings of the supernatural?
Probably both.
There were some strange sightings
and lights and a man in a black suit
seemed out of place that
night they disappeared.
Wow! That's so amazing.
It's just a plane.
(Sci-Fi music)
No. no. it's not.
It's.
It's kind of yellow and
there's no blinking lights.
Oh. wow.
Amanda. check it out.
Take me home.
Take you home?
What time is it?
It's ten after 11. Why?
You know. I always wanted to see a UFO. but
I never thought I'd
actually get to see one.
Come on. let's go.
It's fine Amanda. it’s gone.
It. can't hurt you now.
Are you okay?
Take me home now Brandon.
What time?
What time did you say it was again?
I told you. it's
1 o’clock?
And how long have we been walking?
20 minutes.
How is it 1 o’clock then?
I don't know.
It's just 11.
Ah. you must have looked at it wrong.
Take me home now. Brandon.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Please.
Sorry. Come on.
So we really lost 2 hours. huh?
I don't want to talk about it.
But Amanda. something happened.
Please. just take me home.
Okay? Alright I’m sorry.
(Intense music)
What is it?
Start the car Brandon.
Brandon! Start the car.
Just drive.
Go around him.
You've heard about the men in black right?
What!
Brandon. just drive!
I think that's one of them.
One of who?
(Soft music)
The men in black.
What?
Like the will Smith movie?
Yes. but no.
they're not funny
or kind
or help people.
What do you mean?
What I mean. is
that more sinister.
What?
They work for
them.
Who?
They're not from here.
They're more like interdimensional beings.
Those documentaries are fake.
You think so?
The strange light and the creepy mob guy
was just a coincidence.
Amanda
what would a mob guy be
doing in the park woods?
I don’t know Brandon.
Probably burying a body.
What else do mob bosses do in wooded areas?
Drive Brandon!
Brandon. go around him.
Let's go!
It's not the same guy?
I told you.
That's one of them.
Okay here's the road.
My house is right down the street.
What the hell is going on here?
I tried to tell you.
I'm calling my mom.
It's 3 o’clock Brandon.
I know.
It’s 3 o’clock in the
freaking morning Brandon.
3 o’clock!
I tried to tell you. but you don't!
Yes. Brandon. I know you tried to tell me.
Don't you think I know that
we just freaking teleported
from my house back here?
And you want to say I told you so?
I assure you. I realize
all of this is freaking happening.
You know what. Amanda?
You're right.
I'm sorry.
I'm really.
really sorry.
Come here. come here.
It's going to be okay. Alright.
Going to be okay.
Breathe.
It’s going to be okay.
(Intense music)
Go. go. go.
Let's go now.
Brandon what are you doing?
Let's go!
Where are you going?
Oh. my god. Oh my god Brandon.
What are you doing?
Brandon. are you okay?
What happened?
Some x-file shit.
I'm supposed to take you somewhere.
No. just take me home.
No. I feel like
I'm supposed to take you someplace.
No. Brandon. I have nothing going on today.
I just want to sleep.
Okay?
(Heavy metal music)
(Scream!)
Hey! Hey you!
What the hell are you doing on my property!
Wait. so what happened to Brandon?
- I don't know.
I guess they just moved on found a
new girlfriend and they just let him go
after they couldn't find no evidence
no body. No. nothing.
But shit like this doesn't
happen in real life.
Yeah and people really didn’t
get murdered in these woods.
Told you dudes. that was Clearwater lake.
I mean. supernatural powers and stuff.
Aliens it. it just doesn't exist.
You never know Dean.
Stranger things have happened
to more average people.
Sure and I'm average
I'm going to take an average piss.
Maybe something weird will happen.
Oh! Awe! Ow!
Damn. that was weird.
What are you doing Kylie. you’re crazy!
Ohh! Ow!!
I guess the murder did
happen in these woods.
(Evil scream)
(Heavy metal music)
(Music fades out)